feat: added meshStack Settings (#538)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/administration.meshstack-settings.md

---
id: administration.meshstack-settings
title: meshStack Settings
---

## Change Logo

Partner Admins and Partner Employees can access the meshStack Settings to change the logo on the top left of the panel.

### Upload a new Logo

> With this it is possible to upload a new Logo which will be showed on the top-left of the panel to all users of your company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the button "Browse" to find a new logo on your system and upload this logo, which will be shown on the top-left of the panel to all users of your company.

Please make sure your image fits the following requirements:
```

Only images with .png extension are allowed.
Maximum dimensions allowed are 1000x500 px.
The size of the image should not be more than 250 KB.

### Reset Logo

> With this button you can delete an uploaded Logo for all users of your company.
> After you used this button the logo will be the default logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking the "Reset Logo" button, the logo will be reset to the default logo, which is usually the meshcloud logo.
This change will be visible to all users of your company.
```
